I said we've got a lot of projects that are floating there in the background that we're developing, either to publish ourselves or to pursue someone else.
We're going to do a baby book ourselves, for example.
So we're always looking for images for our baby book.
By now we've got five times as much as we'll ever use.
we were for example when we were doing just recently we were doing these animal books for chronicle so we were watching for our three animals yeah right yeah there were we it was rabbits dogs and um
horses, rabbits, dogs, and horses.
So in a show like this, we have our eyes particularly open for rabbits, dogs, and horses of a certain kind that we know chronicles.
Which name do you use?
Do you use different names?
For what?
For the books that you publish with a different publisher.
No, not really.
I mean, those are just Blue Lantern usually.
I mean, they don't usually have an author that's compiled by the Blue Lantern or something.
Is your husband obsessed?
Is he an obsessive collector?
Well,
You've already said that you're not.
Yeah.
I think it's just a little bit different.
I mean, his collecting is a little wider, but mine is more narrow.
I mean, I'll collect books of reproduction, something of painters that I particularly like.
I'll collect things on fashion and dressmaking and so forth of eras that I'm particularly concerned with.
I'll collect
But you get really excited when you find something.
Oh, sure, of course.
I mean... Yeah, of course, right.
Books on... And then, of course, I collect for my area of the Blue Lantern, which is design, typography... Do you have some kind of literature about the Blue Lantern that you could send me?
Any stories written about it just around?
I think everything you have is too outdated to be.
Just something so I can have a feel of what Blue Lantern is.
It's kind of hard to say.
As I say, he's collecting for things he's got in the back of his mind, too, if you're kind of... Well, see, he's collecting for things, but for projects now, exactly.
One of the things about... And things he loves.
I mean, he loves lanterns.
So he'll always collect a lantern, for example, a good picture of a lantern.
He loves costumes and masquerade and things.
He doesn't know quite what he's going to do with them yet.
But someday, something will come.
One of the cute things about this kind of collecting is...
I mean, as a book collector, I have kind of a vague idea of what I'm looking for.
Right.
And I have a wand list up here.
Well, of course, we have that, too.
But you...
A lot of this is so serendipitous.
You're finding, you're discovering things, the existence of them, and you're learning of their existence from the very first time.
That's true.
But they tend to be in an area.
But then he also collects some other things.
For example, he has a F. Woodhouse collection.
Woodhouse, P.G.
Woodhouse.
Oh, okay.
P.G.
Woodhouse.
And so he's got his book, and he knows what he has and what he doesn't have.
He has...
That's probably the biggest one you've got.
There are several authors.
I like the Victorian novel, and so I have a certain number of them.
I like Don Buckingham.
B-U-C-K-A-N.
And I like the adult novel.
I like the children's novel, too.
Francis Hodge and Burnett.
Her adult novels are interesting.
How ballpark, how big is the collections?
I don't know.
My husband's going to make the cards.
He could tell you about the Blue Rat.
You see the collections and collections.
There's the one that has the cards on, which is the picture book collection.
Then there's the reference collection, which includes all the art books.
I mean, all the books on Winslow Homer and Corot and the people I pretty like.
And then there are, I mean, then the books on German toys and so forth.
Then there are, and I've got my fashion collection, which I don't know, I don't want to tell.
And then there are all the books on authors that we like, I mean, you know, various people.
Then there are the reference books, and then the travel books.
So Harold's probably going to have a figure.
Well, being an old bookman, he probably knows, you know, well, let's see, we've got approximately this many feet.
50,000 wagons, you think, in the house?
What?
Don't even ask me.
I don't know.
How many rooms do you have stuck?
It's hard to count.
I mean, they're everywhere.
I don't know.
I mean, you know, there's a bookcase in the bedroom, and there's a bookcase in the studio, and the artworks.
I took over the closet in there, and I put in shelves, and there were tons of books in there.
Yeah, I mean, there are books in the living room, there are books in the television room, there are books in the kitchen.
We added a room in the post last week.
Books.
Yeah, well, you know, they're down the stairs, and down the hall.
You have a basement probably.
Well, not a usable one.
I'm going to let you go back to your show.
Would you do...
Really, I... My husband took my pen, though, so I'm just going to use it.
This is a ballpoint pen.
This one's for Nicole.
Nicole, spell there anyone else?
N-I-C-O-L-E.
I'll check this out.